android/genai/README.md, before:

# ML Kit GenAI APIs Quickstart

* [Read more about ML Kit GenAI APIs](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai)

## Introduction

This sample app demonstrates how to use the following GenAI APIs:

- [Image Description](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/image-description/android) - Provides short descriptions for images.

- [Proofreading](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/proofreading/android) - Polishes short content by refining grammar and fixing spelling errors.

- [Rewriting](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/rewriting/android) - Rewords content in different styles, such as formally, concise, or even with emojis.

- [Summarization](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/summarization/android) - Summarizes articles and chat conversations into 1-3 bullet points.

## Support

* [Documentation](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai)
* [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mlkit)

## License

Copyright 2025 Google, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.

Commit message:

List of included changes:   - Display the prefix used for inferenece in the Open Prompt demo app   - Allow multi-line input for prefix in Open Prompt demo app   - Add Open Prompt API demo usage.   - Use new Kotlin streaming API in demo app   - Add cache clear button to Open Prompt demo app for prefix caching   - Adjust OpenPrompt prefix caching API   - Add open prompt feature in ML Kit GenAI demo app   - Add Prefix Caching feature for Open Prompt Java activity   - Allows removal of the selected image in the Open Prompt demo
PiperOrigin-RevId: 825127997
Change-Id: I6051dbad666304189df01fcc44e21445f6d818ff

android/genai/README.md, after:

# ML Kit GenAI APIs Quickstart

* [Read more about ML Kit GenAI APIs](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai)

## Introduction

This sample app demonstrates how to use the following GenAI APIs:

- [Image Description](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/image-description/android) - Provides short descriptions for images.

- [Proofreading](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/proofreading/android) - Polishes short content by refining grammar and fixing spelling errors.

- [Rewriting](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/rewriting/android) - Rewords content in different styles, such as formally, concise, or even with emojis.

- [Summarization](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/summarization/android) - Summarizes articles and chat conversations into 1-3 bullet points.

- [Prompt](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai/prompt/android) - Generates text content based on a custom text-only or multimodal prompt.

## Support

* [Documentation](https://developers.google.com/ml-kit/genai)
* [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mlkit)

## License

Copyright 2025 Google, Inc.

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more contributor
license agreements. See the NOTICE file distributed with this work for
additional information regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this
file to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
